W 12436662 arch diagrams final review feedback gr (#243)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-architecture-basic-deployments.adoc

endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

Flex Gateway supports two basic deployment models, which apply to both Connected Mode and Local Mode:

* <<standalone-deployment, Standalone deployment>>
* <<sidecar-deployment, Sidecar deployment>>

> You can extend the deployment models in this over view to all technological stacks that have the appropriate network controls applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can extend the deployment models in this overview to all technological stacks that have the appropriate network controls applied.
```
